Add data updates section to Home Connect (#37665)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/home_connect.markdown

| `device_id` | no | Id of a device associated with the home appliance. |
| `key` | no | Key of the setting. |
| `value` | no | Value of the setting. |

## Data updates

This integration uses server-sent events from the Home Connect API to receive live updates from the appliances.

> When the configuration entry is loaded or after a streaming error (e.g. disconnection), the integration will request all data (such as appliance info, available commands, programs, settings, and status) for all appliances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the configuration entry is loaded or after a streaming error (for example after disconnection), the integration will request all data (such as appliance info, available commands, programs, settings, and status) for all appliances.
```
